docs: analyze memory quota (#8778)
pingcap/docs: statistics.md

>
> When you enable the `ANALYZE` configuration persistence feature again, if the previously recorded persistence configurations are no longer applicable to the latest data, you need to execute the `ANALYZE` statement manually and specify the new persistence configurations.

### The memory quota for collecting statistics

> **Warning:**
>

> > Currently, the ANALYZE memory quota is an experimental feature, and the memory statistics might be incorrect in production environment.

Author: ```suggestion
> Currently, the ANALYZE memory quota is an experimental feature, and the memory statistics might be incorrect in production environments.
```

> > Currently, the ANALYZE memory quota is an experimental feature, and the memory statistics might be incorrect in production environments.

Author: ```suggestion
> Currently, the `ANALYZE` memory quota is an experimental feature, and the memory statistics might be incorrect in production environments.
```

In TiDB v6.1.0, the system variable [`tidb_mem_quota_analyze`](/system-variables.md#tidb_mem_quota_analyze-new-in-v610) is introduced to control the memory quota for collecting statistics.

> To pick a proper value of `tidb_mem_quota_analyze`, the data volume of cluster should be considered. When the default sampling rate is used, the main considerations are the number of columns, the size of the column values, and the memory configuration of TiDB. The following is the suggested configuration of maximum and minimum value:

Author: ```suggestion
To pick a proper value of `tidb_mem_quota_analyze`, you should consider the data volume of cluster. When the default sampling rate is used, the main considerations are the number of columns, the size of the column values, and the memory configuration of TiDB. The following is the suggested configuration of maximum and minimum value:
```

> To pick a proper value of `tidb_mem_quota_analyze`, you should consider the data volume of cluster. When the default sampling rate is used, the main considerations are the number of columns, the size of the column values, and the memory configuration of TiDB. The following is the suggested configuration of maximum and minimum value:

Author: ```suggestion
To pick a proper value of `tidb_mem_quota_analyze`, you should consider the data volume of the cluster. When the default sampling rate is used, the main considerations are the number of columns, the size of the column values, and the memory configuration of TiDB. The following is the suggested configuration of maximum and minimum values:
```

> **Note:**
>
> The following suggestions are for reference only. The actual configuration needs to be tested in the real scenario.

> - Minimum value: should be greater than the maximum memory usage when TiDB collects statistics on the table with the most columns. An approximate reference is that on the test set, a table with 20 columns collects statistics on the default configuration, the maximum memory usage is about 800 MiB; a table with 16 columns collects statistics on the default configuration, the maximum memory usage is about 5 GiB.

Author: ```suggestion
- Minimum value: should be greater than the maximum memory usage when TiDB collects statistics on the table with the most columns. An approximate reference in the test set is that, a table with 20 columns collects statistics on the default configuration, the maximum memory usage is about 800 MiB; a table with 16 columns collects statistics on the default configuration, the maximum memory usage is about 5 GiB.
```

> - Maximum value: should be less than the memory available when collecting statistics without collecting statistics.

Author: ```suggestion
- Maximum value: should be less than the available memory without collecting statistics.
```

>
> When you enable the `ANALYZE` configuration persistence feature again, if the previously recorded persistence configurations are no longer applicable to the latest data, you need to execute the `ANALYZE` statement manually and specify the new persistence configurations.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

| start_time | The time at which the task starts |
| state | The state of a task, including `pending`, `running`, `finished`, and `failed` |

> When [`tidb_mem_quota_analyze`](/system-variables.md#tidb_mem_quota_analyze-new-in-v610) is set, and the automatic analyze task in the TiDB background uses more memory than this threshold, the task will be retried. You can see failed and retried tasks with the following `SHOW ANALYZE STATUS` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When [`tidb_mem_quota_analyze`](/system-variables.md#tidb_mem_quota_analyze-new-in-v610) is set and the automatic analysis task in the TiDB background uses more memory than this threshold, the task will be retried. You can see failed and retried tasks in the output of the `SHOW ANALYZE STATUS` statement.
```
